For this program there are two classes. The driver class and the connection class. The connection class is just used to connect to the database. 
The paramaters for the connection database name and the credentials can be adjusted here for each database. 

In the Driver class we connect to the database and run the following queries:

● Get a submitted paper’s details by the author’s Primary Key. The query should return the
following data (columns): Paper.Id, Paper.Title, Paper.Abstract, Author.EmailAddress,
Author.FirstName, Author.LastName

● Get all reviews for a paper by the paper’s Id, where the paper was recommended to be
published. The query should return the following data (columns): All columns from the
Review table.

● Get a count of all papers submitted.

● Create a new paper submission. Remember this includes creating new records in both
the Author and Paper tables.

● Try and Delete the first “Author” row in your Author table by the author’s id. Did you
receive an error? If yes, print to the console the error you received. Also note in your
message why the query failed. If it didn’t fail, print a message explaining why you were
able to delete the row.

When you run the program it will ask for an authors email, if you enter an existing author it will return the values,
if not it will return that no author exists.

Then it will ask for a paper ID which is an integer, this part will only accept an integer and will keep prompting the user 
until an integer is received. Similar to the first query it will return no data found if no corresponding paper is found
and will return the values if it is

Query 3 will then execute and list the number of papers in the database

The next prompt will ask for two strings seperated by a space and a comma. The method logic will split the input and assign them
to the correct paramater input when inserting to the database.

The last query will delete an author based on author ID. If the author can not be deleted due to some SQL constraint the 
SQL error will be displayed. If they can be deleted it will delete the author.

All of the methods are enclosed in try catch blocks and the connection is closed after each method. 
